This is just a basic structure layout. Nothing is set in stone right now, this
is just the direction I would like to see it go. If you think there is a better
way, let me know.
  This is a community project based pretty much on what you can do. For example,
if you would like to do the PhoneInfo part of it, fork it and start working.
Send a pull request and we can get it added. Below is information about the goal
and features of the application.


List of tools to include in SDX Tools Application

    1. Stock app removal w/backup options for those apps
    2. Detailed phone information:
       a. phone model
       b. android version
       c. build/baseband
       d. cpu hardware
       e. cpu model
       f. cpu frequency
       g. screen res
       h. gpu type
       i. openGL version
       j. memory avail out of memory total (RAM)
       k. Storage avail out of storage total (Phone)
       l. Storage avail out of storage avail (SDcard)
       m. kernel information including gcc version
       n. MSL -ften edit
       o. Networking Info -rxaaron edit
            i.   Wifi or Cellular Data
            ii.  IP Address
            iii. MAC Address
            iv.  if Wifi, SSID
            v.   ISP
            vi.  Gateway
            vii. DNS
    3. Kernel options
        a. Current freq
        b. Min/Max CPU freq including full freq table
        c. I/O Scheduler
        d. Governor list and ability to change
        e. Ability to apply on boot
        f. graph/table of freq over the last 30 seconds or so (big maybe on
           this, hard to implement)
        g. HAVS/SVS control for VDD if passed to userspace
    4. Root file browser with the ability to mount system as RW (using busybox)
       and edit files
    5. Run root expoloit if supported (I.E. for samsung phones, run the ratc
       exploit for temporary root)
    6. Perm root using either AOSP binaries or SU binary + group and passwd
       files
    7. Perform dumps of kernel/system/recovery (no data as it has PII) to
       sdcard.
    8. Dump Logcat to /sdcard/Log/ or send to email. Have a settings options to
       narrow down output. -ften edit
    9. Init scripts management -rxaaron edit
    10. Ad blocker -momentandroid edit (maybe)


  

If there is anything else anyone can think of, please please please please add
it to the list. Any and all help is greatly appreciated as I want this to be a
rather large community project. From coding to suggestions to icons and images,
everything is appreciated!

  Ive decided to go with the viewpager layout that joeykrim has proven looks
brilliant when done right. If you can think of anyone else that could provide
insight or help in this project, please forward this and have them contact me
( dodgejcr@gmail.com dodgejcr@sdx-developers.com or dodge@dodgejcr.com ).
Hopefully with teamwork and dedication, we can get one application to help out
with all things root. No longer will we have the need for twenty applications to
get what we flashaholics, gurus, or general tinkerers crave in android rooting
options.

Thank you for your time,
Josh Crowder
-- dodgejcr